
--- FILE: acemoglu2011.pdf ---
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS POLICY,
COMPETITION AND INNOVATION
Daron Acemoglu
Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyUfuk Akcigit
University of Pennsylvania
Abstract
To what extent and in what form should the intellectual property rights (IPR) of innovators be
protected? Should a company with a large technology lead over its rivals receive the same IPR
protection as a company with a more limited advantage? In this paper, we develop a dynamic
framework for the study of the interactions between IPR and competition, in particular to understand
the impact of such policies on future incentives. The economy consists of many industries and
ﬁrms engaged in cumulative (step-by-step) innovation. IPR policy regulates whether followers in an
industry can copy the technology of the leader. We prove the existence of a steady-state equilibrium
and characterize some of its properties. We then quantitatively investigate the implications of different
types of IPR policy on the equilibrium growth rate and welfare. The most important result from this
exercise is that full patent protection is not optimal; instead, optimal policy involves state-dependent
IPR protection, providing greater protection to technology leaders that are further ahead than those
that are close to their followers. This is because of a trickle-down effect: providing greater protection
to ﬁrms that are further ahead of their followers than a certain threshold increases the R&D incentives
also for all technology leaders that are less advanced than this threshold. (JEL: O31, O34, O41,
L16)
1. Introduction
What is the optimal extent and form of intellectual property rights (IPR) protection?
Should a ﬁrm with a large technology lead receive the same IPR protection as a
company with a more limited technological lead, or should IPR policy be coupled with
antitrust and used to limit the monopoly power of technology leaders? Despite broad
consensus that innovation is central to the long-run performance of an economy, there
The editor in charge of this paper was Fabrizio Zilibotti.
Acknowledgments: We thank an anonymous referee, conference and seminar participants at the FBBV A
Lecture at 2011 ASSA conference in Denver, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, EPFL
Technology Policy Conference, European Science Days, MIT, National Bureau of Economic Research
Economic Growth and Productivity Groups, Toulouse Information Technology Network, University of
Pennsylvania, University of Toronto, and Philippe Aghion, Gino Gancia, Bronwyn Hall, Sam Kortum,
Suzanne Scotchmer, and Fabrizio Zilibotti for useful comments. Financial support from the Toulouse
Information Technology Network and from the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research is gratefully
acknowledged. An earlier version of this paper was circulated under the title State-Dependent Intellectual
Property Rights Policy .
E-mail addresses: daron@mit.edu (Acemoglu); uakcigit@econ.upenn.edu (Akcigit)
Journal of the European Economic Association February 2012 10(1):1–42
c/circlecopyrt2012 by the European Economic Association DOI: 10.1111/j.1542-4774.2011.01053.x
2 Journal of the European Economic Association
FIGURE 1. The evolution of R&D by Microsoft and by other top ten publicly traded R&D investors
in the IT sector relative to the sector average before and after the start of the DOJ case. All data are
from COMPUSTAT. Top ten ﬁrms is determined by the highest ten R&D investors (except Microsoft)
in 1998: CA Inc, Continuum Inc, Intergraph Corp, Sterling Software Inc, Oracle Inc, Adobe Inc,
Symantec Corp, Electronic Arts Inc, Sybase Inc, Intuit Inc. The patterns are similar for the top ten
investors in 2000 or 1990, or if benchmarked it to the median of the industry rather than the mean.
is no consensus on the answers to such questions. A large literature on IPR (discussed in
what follows) focuses on the static trade-offs between the positive incentive beneﬁts of
IPR protection and its costs in terms of reducing competition and increasing markups.
In this paper, we argue that dynamic trade-offs between IPR protection and competition,
which have so far been overlooked, may be equally or more important for developing
answers to these questions.
These issues and the importance of these questions are highlighted by several
recent high-proﬁle cases. For example, motivated by antitrust concerns, a recent ruling
of the European Commission ordered Microsoft to share secret information about its
operating system and products with other software companies ( New York Times ,2 2
December 2004).1Similar issues were also central to the US Department of Justice
(DOJ) case against Microsoft, which started on 18 May 1998 and ultimately resulted
in a ruling against Microsoft. Figure 1 shows the evolution of R&D by Microsoft and
by other top ten publicly traded R&D investors in the IT sector relative to the sector
average before and after the start of the DOJ case.
1. In addition to the Microsoft case, the issue of technological lead has been central in the Department
of Justice investigations of Intel ( New York Times , 11 May 2009) and the debates about Google’s market
share ( New York Times , 21 February 2009).
