[6ab84cab4e5c4edca52bae1d473adfd5.marked.pdf] Abstract: The digital economy's rapid growth has ushered society into a new era, where data holds immense significance. In the field of legal academia, data can be seen as an important carrier of intellectual property rights in a legal sense. Therefore, the research on the path and models of intellectual property protection for data in the context of the digital economy has become a focus of domestic and foreign scholars. This paper aims to address the issues of limited avenues and low effectiveness in the protection of data intellectual property rights in China. Through the definition and comparison of the concepts of data and intellectual property rights in academic terms, this paper analyzes and compares the data protection models in various countries worldwide with the actual data prot

[8. 1-s2.0-S1059056025004794-main.pdf] Converting knowledge into Productivity: The role of intellectual  property empowerment and digital economy in enhancing  regional new quality productivity forces - Evidence from China Yiling Liu, Yu-Cheng Lin * Business School, Quanzhou Normal University, No. 398 Donghai Street, Quanzhou City, Fujian Province, 362000, China A R T I C L E  I N F O Keywords: New quality productivity forces Intellectual property empowerment Digital economy Technological innovation Regional heterogeneity A B S T R A C T In the context of China’s ongoing digital transformation and the strengthening of intellectual  property protection systems, cultivating new quality productive forces has become a key strategy  for promoting high-quality economic development. This study investigates the synergistic effects  of

[10. 5f8595ae03538.pdf] Abstract  Intellectual property is regarded to be the digital economy's hot issue. It ranges from theoretical arguments to own  information concerning everyday life relating to the foundation of internet geography. The current study deals with  the impact of the digital economy on intellectual property law and proposes that although various countries have  given many intellectual property laws, no such implementation has ever been made. Still, the digital world has  witnessed the protection of intellectual law through technical protection and contracts. The digital economy has  greatly impacted the intellectual property law that can be witnessed through cyber squatter legislation and  significant legal and economic protection developments. The endorsement of business methods patents and e-

[2542-3185-cuespol-42-80-136 ky nguyen so.pdf] Abstract The development of information and communication  technologies, typical of the digital era, is accompanied by  the emergence of new objects of civil relations. Some of such  objects are the result of intellectual and creative activity and,  consequently, become the subject of intellectual property rights.  However, technology is developing faster than legislation.  Therefore, many problems arise in the field of intellectual  property due to contradictions and gaps in national legislation. This paper  aims to identify the most important difficulties in the field of intellectual  property and find ways to overcome them. The article pays special attention  to the problems of copyright infringement on the Internet. The need for  the development of virtual libraries is considered as on

[20001-_23501.pdf] UNITED NATIONS INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATION   Vienna International Centre, P.O. Box 300, 1400 Vienna, Austria  Tel: (+43-1) 26026-0 · www.unido.org · unido@unido.org          OCCASION    This publication has been made available to the public on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the  United Nations Industrial Development Organisation.                            DISCLAIMER    This document has been produced without formal United Nations editing. The designations  employed and the presentation of the material in this document do not imply the expression of any  opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations Industrial Development  Organization (UNIDO) concerning th

[28732.pdf] Abstract  Intellectual Property (IP) is a cornerstone of the modern innovation economy, providing legal  frameworks that protect the creations of inventors, artists, and businesses. This paper explores the  critical role that IP plays in fostering innovation and driving economic growth. By granting exclusive  rights to creators, IP incentivizes investment in research and development (R&D), encourages  entrepreneurship, and stimulates the growth of IP-driven sectors such as technology, pharmaceuticals,  and entertainment. However, the paper also examines the complexities of IP protection, including its  potential to create monopolies, limit competition, and hinder the dissemination of knowledge. The  discussion emphasizes the importance of balanced IP policies that promote innovation while

[255387.pdf] The impact of digitalization on intellectual  property strategy  An exploratory study of Nordic engineering firms  Master’s Thesis in the Master’s Programme   MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMICS OF INNOVATION      JACOB MOOS  PONTUS LUNDBLADH          Department of Technology Management and Economics  Division of Entrepreneurship & Strategy  CHALMERS UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY  Gothenburg, Sweden 2018  Report No. E 2018:044

[1122825.pdf] Selection of our books indexed in the Book Citation Index  in Web of Science™ Core Collection (BKCI) Interested in publishing with us?  Contact book.department@intechopen.com Numbers displayed above are based on latest data collected.  For more information visit www.intechopen.com Open access books available Countries delivered to Contributors from top 500 universities International  authors and editors Our authors are among the most cited scientists Downloads We are IntechOpen, the world’s leading publisher of Open Access books Built by scientists, for scientists 14% 195,000 215M TOP 1% 154 7,500

[AJMSS-3-2-132-136.pdf] Abstract: In the digital era, intellectual property infringement is showing a frequent trend, and sports intellectual property is  also inevitable. In order to promote the safety and security of sports intellectual property rights worldwide, research suggests  that it is necessary to strengthen international collaboration in order to achieve this, and the difficulties of international  collaboration mainly manifest in the value conflicts of ideas, rule of law, and policies. The study proposes to strive for the  uniformity of the application of sports intellectual property legal system; Actively utilizing technical measures to protect sports  intellectual property rights; Vigorously promote the legal coordination of sports intellectual property protection.  Keywords: International Perspecti

[bowman1996.pdf] Bowman to critically test the five approaches. Rather, their intent was to provide opinions of senior managers about how and why their organizations function as they do. To that end. Maximum Leadership does an excellent job of demystifying what the world's leading CEOs do all day and why. Farkas and De Backer also claim it was not their intent to offer a "silver bullet" for business success. Yet the anecdotal evidence presented—which is based on over 12,000 pages of interview transcripts—suggests that using the "right" approach can lead to organizational effectiveness or success. Given the tremendous range of organizations covered in this book. Maximum Leadership should be of interest to senior managers around the world and in every kind of business. The Digital Economy: Promise and Peril

[Converting knowledge into Productivity.pdf] Converting knowledge into Productivity: The role of intellectual  property empowerment and digital economy in enhancing  regional new quality productivity forces - Evidence from China Yiling Liu, Yu-Cheng Lin * Business School, Quanzhou Normal University, No. 398 Donghai Street, Quanzhou City, Fujian Province, 362000, China A R T I C L E  I N F O Keywords: New quality productivity forces Intellectual property empowerment Digital economy Technological innovation Regional heterogeneity A B S T R A C T In the context of China’s ongoing digital transformation and the strengthening of intellectual  property protection systems, cultivating new quality productive forces has become a key strategy  for promoting high-quality economic development. This study investigates the synergistic effects  of

[Creative_Economy_as_a_Driver_of_Economic_Growth_in.pdf] ABSTRACT    The creative economy has become a strategic sector in supporting economic growth in the digital era.  This research aims to explore the opportunities and potential of the creative economy through digitalization  and the challenges faced in developing this sector. This study uses a qualitative study method, with in-depth  interviews and observations as data collection techniques to explore the experiences, strategies, and obstacles  faced by business actors. The results show that digitalization plays an important role in expanding market  reach, improving operational efficiency, and driving innovation. Business actors utilize e-commerce, social  media, and digital applications to promote creative products and interact directly with consumers effectively.  However, this success s

[Digital_economy_technological_innovation_and_susta.pdf] Abstract This paper examines the impact of the digital economy on sustainable development, using panel data from cities at the prefecture level and above in China from 2011 to 2019. The results indicate: (1) The digital economy is conducive to boosting growth, increasing employment, reducing energy consumption, and cutting emissions, thereby promoting sus- tainable development. These findings prove robust. (2) Mechanism test outcomes reveal that, from the perspective of technological innovation, the digital economy can promote sus- tainable development through increasing R&D input and enhancing innovation output. (3) An extended analysis of the risk of a digital "divide" demonstrates that "dividend" of the digi- tal economy is primarily manifests in spurring economic growth, enhancing ener

[Does_intellectual_property_protection_stimulate_di.pdf] ABSTRACT The digital economy plays an important role in society and the  economy. However, we know little about what factors affect the  development of the digital economy. Using a self-developed index  for measuring Chinese provincial-level digital economy develop­ ment, this paper examines the impact of intellectual property pro­ tection on the digital economy. We find that there is a U-shaped  relationship between intellectual property protection and digital  economy. Our findings remain valid after a battery of robustness  tests. Our findings support the importance of intellectual property  protection in developing the digital economy. ARTICLE HISTORY  Received 9 August 2021   Accepted 19 February 2022  KEYWORDS  Digital economy; intellectual  property protection;  U-shaped relationshi

[EBOOK-Intellectual-Property-in-the-Digital-Age.pdf] INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY IN THE DIGITAL AGE Consumatori e Mercato 17 Islambek Rustambekov, Said Gulyamov, Anna Ubaydullaeva

[Enigma_of_Relationship_between_Digital_Economy_and.pdf] Abstract  INTRODUCTION: The development of the digital economy and intellectual property management represented by cloud  computing has promoted the progress of China's modernization road. Cloud computing plays a vital role in various  industries, and the control of intellectual property rights in the digital economy represented by cloud computing is closely  connected with the high-quality development of China's digital economy, the construction of a robust intellectual property  country, and the modernization of the national government. China's intellectual property management capability and  digital economy management system are advanced, but practical difficulties still exist at home and abroad.  OBJECTIVES: To improve the development level of computer information technology such as cl

[expert-panel-report-intellectual-property-2020-02-20_0.pdf] See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/369666758 Report: Intellectual Property in Ontario's Innovation Ecosystem Expert Panel on Intellectual Property Technical Report · February 2020 CITATIONS 0 READS 307 4 authors, including: Danielle Pierre Ontario College of Art and Design 8 PUBLICATIONS   4 CITATIONS    SEE PROFILE All content following this page was uploaded by Danielle Pierre on 31 March 2023. The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.

[Intellectual property (IP) data analytics for innovation.pdf] Intellectual property (IP) data analytics for innovation, research and development, and strategic  management – Adopting state-of-the-art artificial intelligent (AI) and machine learning  (ML) approaches Editor's point Integrating artificial intelligence (AI) and large language models  (LLMs) into the intellectual property landscape had significant impacts  in recent years. Add 1-2 Examples and References here. Besides practical  impact, substantial scholarly attention has also been devoted to the topic  [1]. In this special issue, we focus on these innovative solutions and  impacts of artificial intelligence and machine learning in the domains of  patent data analytics and IP management from different perspectives.  This includes not only the novel methodologies and applications of AI in

[Intellectual property protection and corporate digital.pdf] Intellectual property protection and corporate digital  transformation: An empirical analysis from the perspectives of  intellectual property protection and digital governance Tianli Ding a,*, Lin Yang b a Law School, Northwest University, Xi’an, 710127, China b Law School, Xi’an Peihua University, Xi’an, 710125, China A R T I C L E  I N F O Keywords: Intellectual property protection Digital governance Digital transformation Corporate innovation Government transparency A B S T R A C T This paper uses data from Chinese A-share listed companies from 2013 to 2022 as a research  sample to explore the relationship between intellectual property protection, digital governance,  and corporate digital transformation. The study finds that: intellectual property protection pro­ motes corporate digita

[Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy  Examining the expansion of M-Pesa.pdf] The Information Society An International Journal ISSN: 0197-2243 (Print) 1087-6537 (Online) Journal homepage: www.tandfonline.com/journals/utis20 Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy: Examining the expansion of M- Pesa Christopher Foster To cite this article: Christopher Foster (2024) Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy: Examining the expansion of M-Pesa, The Information Society, 40:1, 1-17, DOI: 10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895 To link to this article:  https://doi.org/10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895 © 2023 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. Published online: 13 Oct 2023. Submit your article to this journal  Article views: 7822 View related articles  View Crossmark data Citing articles: 13 View citing art

[Intellectual_Property_and_Economic_Development_Cat.pdf] ABSTRACT  Keywords:   Intellectual  property,  innovation, entrepreneurship,  technology  transfer,  public  health    This article explores the complex relationship between  intellectual property (IP) and financial growth, explaining how  strong IP laws promote entrepreneurship, innovation, and  sustainable development. It explores how intellectual property  rights facilitate technology transfer, encourage R&D investments,  and support the growth of knowledge-driven economies by  referencing recent studies and policy initiatives. It also addresses  important IP disputes and challenges, such as the availability of  essential pharmaceuticals, the spread of technology, and the fine  line that must be drawn between protecting the public interest and  promoting innovation. This study emphasize

[INTELLECTUAL_PROPERTY_IN_THE_DIGITAL_ECONOMY_THEOR.pdf] Abstract. Intellectual property is one of the key resources for the development of the digital economy. The

[Intellectual_Property_Law_in_the_Digital_Economy_E.pdf] ABSTRACT  With the rapid development of the digital economy, intellectual property protection faces new  challenges such as the definition and protection of data rights, the legal status of AI-generated works, cross-border infringement, the responsibility of internet platforms, and the protection of trade secrets.  This paper analyzes the characteristics of the digital economy era and the specific issues faced by  intellectual property law, proposing corresponding countermeasures. These include improving the  data rights protection system, clarifying the legal status of AI-generated works, strengthening international cooperation, defining the responsibilities of internet platforms, and enhancing the  protection of trade secrets. Through the integration of law and technology, international

[Intellectual_Property_Protection_Measures_in_the_D.pdf] Abstract  This article explores the protection measures for intellectual property (IP) in the digital economy. With  the rapid development of the digital economy, protecting intellectual property has become particularly  crucial. The aim of this article is to analyze the current status and challenges of intellectual property  protection in the context of the digital economy and to discuss effective protection strategies and  mechanisms. The research employs literature review and case analysis methods, and the main findings  include the importance of legal regulations, the application of technical means, and the necessity of  international cooperation. The conclusion summarizes the main issues faced today and proposes future  development directions and recommendations.  Keywords  Digital ec

[Intellectual_property_rights_and_control_in_the_digital_economy_Examining_the_expansion_of_M-Pesa.pdf] The University of Manchester Research Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy: Examining the expansion of M-Pesa DOI: 10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895 Document Version Final published version Link to publication record in Manchester Research Explorer Citation for published version (APA): Foster, C. (2023). Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy: Examining the expansion of M- Pesa. The Information Society. https://doi.org/10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895 Published in: The Information Society Citing this paper Please note that where the full-text provided on Manchester Research Explorer is the Author Accepted Manuscript or Proof version this may differ from the final Published version. If citing, it is advised that you check and use the publisher's

[Intellectual_Property_Rights_in_the_Digital_Era_Ex.pdf] Abstract   Protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights have become increasingly complex and challenging in the digital era. This article  discusses the legal aspects of intellectual property, with a particular focus on copyright within the context of the digital era. It explores  the evolving nature of intellectual property laws and discusses the importance of comprehensive legal frameworks that need to focus on  the unique challenges posed by the digital age. One of the critical areas of concern is copyright protection in digital content-sharing. The  rise of online platforms and digital technologies has revolutionised content creation and dissemination and has given rise to significant  copyright infringement issues. This article examines the copyright challenges that creators,

[INTELLECTUAL+PROPERTY+RIGHTS+IN+THE+DIGITAL+ECONOMY.pdf] Abstract: This chapter explores the evolving landscape of Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)  within the digital economy, focusing on key innovations and legal protections. The digital  revolution has introduced both unprecedented opportunities and significant challenges for IPR,  necessitating adaptive legal frameworks and innovative management strategies. This study  begins with an overview of the historical development of IPR, highlighting major milestones and  technological advancements that have shaped current practices. It then examines various types of  IPR, including copyrights, patents, and trademarks, and their application in digital contexts. The  legal framework section delves into international treaties, national legislation, and significant  case studies, providing a comprehe

[IntellectualPropertyRightsIPRTheirRoleChallengesandGlobalImpactintheDigitalAge.pdf] See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/389888478 Intellectual Property Rights (IPR): Their Role, Challenges, and Global Impact in the Digital Age Article · November 2024 DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.15016174 CITATIONS 0 READS 68 1 author: Dr Vishwasrao Mane Shivaji University 44 PUBLICATIONS   7 CITATIONS    SEE PROFILE All content following this page was uploaded by Dr Vishwasrao Mane on 16 March 2025. The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.

[10.1016@j.econlet.2010.02.003.pdf] Who lets ethics guide his economic decision-making? An empirical analysis of individual investments in ethical funds Jenny Säve-Söderbergh ⁎ The Swedish Institute for Social Research, Universitetsvägen 10 F, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden a b s t r a c t a r t i c l e i n f o Article history: Received 19 September 2008 Received in revised form 25 January 2010 Accepted 24 February 2010 Available online 1 March 2010 JEL classiﬁcation: G11 D64 H55 A13 Keywords: Investment decisions Ethics Altruism Socially responsible investing This paper shows that one out of eight investors chooses ethical funds and foregoes return for ethical principles. However, few screen completely. Human capital, being female and “empathetic” professions all predict ethical decision-making. Interesti

[684bf88b29c89_IJAR-51997.pdf] Abstract  …………………….     ………………………………………………………………  Manuscript History  Received: 27 March 2025  Final Accepted: 30 April 2025  Published:May 2025    Key words:-I  ntellectual belongings Rights, Virtual  Piracy, Copyright Infringement, Digital  Rights control, Block chain, Synthetic  Intelligence, Online Counterfeiting, legal  Frameworks.                                  The rapid advancement of digital technology has revolutionized the  creation, distribution, and consumption of intellectual property (IP). At  the same time as this alteration has enabled global get admission to  information and creative content, it has moreover offered massive  demanding situations for highbrow property Rights (IPR). Problems  which encompass digital piracy, copyright infringement, and the  unauthorized dis

[2023_IP_Infringement_and_Enforcement_Tech_Watch_Discussion_Paper_FullR_en.pdf] OBSERVATORY           Intellectual Property Infringement and Enforcement  Tech Watch Discussion Paper 2023    Prepared by the European Observatory on Infringements of Intellectual Property  Rights, EUIPO, with support from the Impact of Technology Expert Group

[20153.pdf] Abstract   This research paper discusses protecting intellectual property rights amidst emerging technologies and  cyber threats. In the digital age, protecting intellectual property rights amidst emerging technologies and  cyber threats necessitates a proactive and collaborative approach. This research paper explores the  multifaceted challenges and opportunities surrounding IPR protection, focusing on the impacts of artificial  intelligence, blockchain, 3D printing, and the Internet of Things. By analyzing legal responses,  technological solutions, international cooperation efforts, and future trends, it equips stakeholders with  insights to navigate this complex terrain effectively. The paper advocates for dynamic regulatory  frameworks that balance innovation with risk management and s

[41743-367865-1-PB.pdf] Abstract  This article explores the protection measures for intellectual property (IP) in the digital economy. With  the rapid development of the digital economy, protecting intellectual property has become particularly  crucial. The aim of this article is to analyze the current status and challenges of intellectual property  protection in the context of the digital economy and to discuss effective protection strategies and  mechanisms. The research employs literature review and case analysis methods, and the main findings  include the importance of legal regulations, the application of technical means, and the necessity of  international cooperation. The conclusion summarizes the main issues faced today and proposes future  development directions and recommendations.  Keywords  Digital ec

[acemoglu2011.pdf] Abstract To what extent and in what form should the intellectual property rights (IPR) of innovators be protected? Should a company with a large technology lead over its rivals receive the same IPR protection as a company with a more limited advantage? In this paper, we develop a dynamic framework for the study of the interactions between IPR and competition, in particular to understand the impact of such policies on future incentives. The economy consists of many industries and ﬁrms engaged in cumulative (step-by-step) innovation. IPR policy regulates whether followers in an industry can copy the technology of the leader. We prove the existence of a steady-state equilibrium and characterize some of its properties. We then quantitatively investigate the implications of different types of I

[article_1726283970.pdf] Abstract: Under the background of continuous innovation of science and technology and  rapid popularization of the Internet, human beings have stepped into the era of digital  economy. In the era of digital economy, the development of intellectual property protection  has brought great opportunities, but it has also put forward a series of new challenges. In  order to effectively promote the protection and management of intellectual property rights,  it is imperative to seize the opportunities of the digital economy, innovate and apply modern  management technologies, and enhance the intensity and level of intellectual property  protection, so as to promote the development of the digital economy and enhance the overall  national strength. Based on this, the article first Outlines the meani

[article_1742737208.pdf] Abstract: With the rapid development of digital technology, intellectual property  protection faces unprecedented new challenges. The convenience of digital replication  and dissemination, the issue of copyright ownership of AI-generated content, and the  legal application of cross-border intellectual property infringement have all posed severe  tests to the existing legal framework for intellectual property. This paper aims to explore  the new challenges faced by intellectual property protection in the digital era and analyze  the existing legal framework's response measures and their shortcomings. Through an in- depth analysis of the technical, legal, and economic dimensions, this paper reveals the  complexity of intellectual property protection in the digital era. The study finds that

[Does intellectual property protection stimulate digital economy development.pdf] Journal of Applied Economics ISSN: 1514-0326 (Print) 1667-6726 (Online) Journal homepage: www.tandfonline.com/journals/recs20 Does intellectual property protection stimulate digital economy development? Wen Chen & Ying Wu To cite this article: Wen Chen & Ying Wu (2022) Does intellectual property protection stimulate digital economy development?, Journal of Applied Economics, 25:1, 723-730, DOI: 10.1080/15140326.2022.2045846 To link to this article:  https://doi.org/10.1080/15140326.2022.2045846 © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Published online: 13 May 2022. Submit your article to this journal  Article views: 7858 View related articles  View Crossmark data Citing articles: 49 View citing articles  Full Terms & Conditions of access and

[IF10033.23.pdf] https://crsreports.congress.gov  Updated January 17, 2025 Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) and U.S. Trade Policy Intellectual property rights (IPR) protection and  enforcement are key components of U.S. trade policy, and  the United States plays a leading role in global IPR trade  (Figure 1). Congress has a constitutional responsibility to  legislate and oversee IPR matters in U.S. trade policy. Since  1988, Congress has included IPR protection as a principal  objective in trade promotion authority (TPA) for U.S. free  trade agreement (FTA) negotiations (P.L. 100-418).  Debates over how to protect IPR while incentivizing  innovation and advancing other policy aims, such as  ensuring access to medicines and technologies based on  IPR, have grown with the incorporation of IPR in U.S. tra

[IJCRT2506338.pdf] Abstract  The digital era has revolutionized the creation, distribution, and consumption of intellectual property (IP).  While this transformation has led to unparalleled access and innovation, it has also introduced significant  challenges to existing Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) frameworks. This paper explores the evolving  nature of digital content, legal complications, and the roles of technology and policy in safeguarding IP. It  discusses case studies from industries such as music, film, and software, and evaluates how technologies  like blockchain and AI are shaping the future of IP enforcement. Ultimately, this research underscores the  need for dynamic and globally harmonized legal systems to balance protection with innovation in the  digital economy.  1. Introduction  Intel

[IJRPR50346.pdf] ABSTRACT:   In my thesis, I explore the intricate relationship between intellectual property rights (IPR) and digital innovation, positing that IPR serve as both a catalyst and a  barrier to technological advancement. I provide a comprehensive overview of the historical development and current legal framework governing IPR, while  emphasizing its role in incentivizing creativity and investment. However, I also identify significant challenges posed by IPR, such as patent thickets and  restrictive licensing, which can stifle innovation. Through detailed case studies from various industries, I illustrate successful integrations of IPR in digital  innovation as well as conflicts stemming from intellectual property disputes. Furthermore, I analyze current trends and shortcomings in the legal la

[information-15-00780.pdf] Abstract: The management and protection of data-based intellectual property have attracted increas- ing attention in the academic community due to the rapid development of digital technologies and data-driven industries. However, a comprehensive and multidimensional examination of the research landscape is still required to better understand its structure and evolution. Using CiteSpace software, this study conducts a bibliometric analysis, revealing key trends and patterns in collaboration, co- citation, and keyword co-occurrence in the field of data-based intellectual property. Our findings show a growing body of literature on data IP management, with a significant increase in publications since 2013. We identify that collaboration between regions, especially the United States, China, and

[Intellectual_property_rights_and_control_in_the_digital_economy_Examining_the_expansion_of_M-Pesa.pdf] The University of Manchester Research Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy: Examining the expansion of M-Pesa DOI: 10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895 Document Version Final published version Link to publication record in Manchester Research Explorer Citation for published version (APA): Foster, C. (2023). Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy: Examining the expansion of M- Pesa. The Information Society. https://doi.org/10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895 Published in: The Information Society Citing this paper Please note that where the full-text provided on Manchester Research Explorer is the Author Accepted Manuscript or Proof version this may differ from the final Published version. If citing, it is advised that you check and use the publisher's

[joie.12019.pdf] ARE LOSERS PICKED? AN EMPIRICAL ANALYSIS OF CAPACITY DIVESTMENT AND PRODUCTION REALLOCATION IN THE JAPANESE CEMENT INDUSTRY* MASATO NISHIWAKI† HYOEG UG KWON‡ As demand in an industry shrinks, pressure for the reduction of capac- ity arises. A key issue is whether plants which, from an efﬁciency perspective, should reduce output in fact do so. Focusing on the Japa- nese cement industry, we examine whether less efﬁcient plants reduce capacity. We ﬁnd that less efﬁcient ﬁrms are not more likely to reduce capacity than more efﬁcient ﬁrms; however, less efﬁcient plants within a multi-plant ﬁrm are more likely to reduce capacity than more efﬁcient plants. In addition, we ﬁnd that this divestment pattern has led to a substantial drop in industry-wide allocative efﬁciency. I. INTRODUCTION IN DECLI

[RN2025-8EN_WIIH_WEB.pdf] Key trends and insights Co-published annually by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) in partnership  with the Luiss Business School (LBS), this second edition of the World Intangible Investment  Highlights (WIIH) reveals that intangible investment in the global economy has grown well  over three times faster than tangible investment since 2008, despite economic headwinds and  business uncertainty. Investment in intangibles – such as software and databases, intellectual property (IP), research  and development (R&D), brands and design (see box 1) – now constitutes a large and growing  share of world gross domestic product (GDP). Leadership in the global intangible economy is  multifaceted: the United States of America (US) dominates in terms of absolute investment,  Sweden l

[roper2008.pdf] Abstract Evidence on the persistence of innovation sheds light on the nature of the innovation process and can guide appropriate policy development. This paper examines innovation persistence in Ireland and Northern Ireland using complementary quantitative and case-study approaches. Panel data derived from innovation surveys is used, and suggests very different results to previous analyses of innovation persistence primarily based on patents data. Product and process innovation are found to exhibit strong general persistence but we ﬁnd no evidence that persistence is stronger among highly active innovators. Our quantitative evidence is most strongly consistent with a process of cumulative accumulation at plant level. Our case-studies highlight a number of factors which can either interrupt

[ssrn-2874598.pdf] Abstract We build on economic theory to discuss how blockchain technology can shape inno- vation and competition in digital platforms. We identify two key costs aﬀected by the technology: the cost of veriﬁcation and the cost of networking. The cost of veriﬁcation relates to the ability to cheaply verify state, including information about past trans- actions and their attributes, and current ownership in a native digital asset. The cost of networking, instead, relates to the ability to bootstrap and operate a marketplace without assigning control to a centralized intermediary. This is achieved by combin- ing the ability to cheaply verify state with economic incentives targeted at rewarding state transitions that are particularly valuable from a network perspective, such as the contribution

[w11219.pdf] NBER WORKING PAPER SERIES RURAL WINDFALL OR A NEW RESOURCE CURSE? COCA, INCOME, AND CIVIL CONFLICT IN COLOMBIA Joshua D. Angrist Adriana D. Kugler Working Paper 11219 http://www.nber.org/papers/w11219 NATIONAL BUREAU OF ECONOMIC RESEARCH 1050 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02138 March 2005 Special thanks go to Hector Mejia, Ines Parra, and Carlos Troncoso at DANE in Bogota, and to Patricia Cortes, Francisco Gallego, Jennifer Lao, Veronica Paz and Chris Smith for outstanding research assistance, and to David Autor, Alberto Abadie, Eli Berman, Robin Burgess, David Card, Joe Hotz, Ed Lazear, Daniel Mejia, Yona Rubinstein and seminar participants at Hebrew University, the NBER, Rochester, SOLE, Stanford GSB, Tel Aviv University, UCLA, UC-Berkeley, and UT Austin for helpful discussions and

[w16213.pdf] NBER WORKING PAPER SERIES INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND INNOVATION: EVIDENCE FROM THE HUMAN GENOME Heidi L. Williams Working Paper 16213 http://www.nber.org/papers/w16213 NATIONAL BUREAU OF ECONOMIC RESEARCH 1050 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02138 July 2010 I am very grateful to Wes Cohen, Joe Doyle, Dan Fetter, Matt Gentzkow, Claudia Goldin, Sam Kortum, Amanda Kowalski, Fiona Murray, Jesse Shapiro, Scott Stern, three anonymous referees, numerous seminar participants, and especially my PhD advisers David Cutler, Amy Finkelstein, and Larry Katz for comments. Several individuals from Celera, the Human Genome Project, and related institutions provided invaluable guidance, including Sam Broder, Peter Hutt, and particularly Mark Adams, David Altshuler, Bob Cook-Deegan, Eric Lander, Rob

[w22452.pdf] NBER WORKING PAPER SERIES THE EFFECT OF POPULATION AGING ON ECONOMIC GROWTH,  THE LABOR FORCE AND PRODUCTIVITY Nicole Maestas Kathleen J. Mullen David Powell Working Paper 22452 http://www.nber.org/papers/w22452 NATIONAL BUREAU OF ECONOMIC RESEARCH 1050 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02138 July 2016, Revised June 2022 We are grateful to the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Working Longer Program for grant funding.  We thank Abby Alpert, Axel Börsch-Supan, David Cutler, Mary Daly, Edward Glaeser, Claudia  Goldin, Larry Katz, Jim Poterba, Robert Willis, Dan Wilson, and the CBO Panel of Economic  Advisers for valuable feedback, as well as participants of the 2014 SIEPR/Sloan Working Longer  Conference at Stanford University, the Harvard Labor Economics Seminar, and CEPRA-NBER  Conference on Age

[WIPO-Intangible-Investment-Highlights-2024.pdf] Geneva, 25 June 2024 Key trends and insights  Co-published annually by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) in partnership  with the Luiss Business School (LBS), the World Intangible Investment Highlights reveal that  intangible investments grew at three times the rate of tangible investments between 2008– 2023, proving resilient despite economic uncertainty and tighter monetary conditions. Indeed,  investment into intangible assets, such as research and development (R&D), software and data,  brands and design (box 1), has consistently outpaced investment in tangible assets, such as  machinery and equipment, since 2008. As a result, investment into intangible assets constitutes  a growing share of gross domestic product (GDP) among the economies covered by this report. The W

[wipo-pub-rn2024-32-en-world-intangible-investment-highlights.pdf] Geneva, 25 June 2024 Key trends and insights  Co-published annually by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) in partnership  with the Luiss Business School (LBS), the World Intangible Investment Highlights reveal that  intangible investments grew at three times the rate of tangible investments between 2008– 2023, proving resilient despite economic uncertainty and tighter monetary conditions. Indeed,  investment into intangible assets, such as research and development (R&D), software and data,  brands and design (box 1), has consistently outpaced investment in tangible assets, such as  machinery and equipment, since 2008. As a result, investment into intangible assets constitutes  a growing share of gross domestic product (GDP) among the economies covered by this report. The W

[wipo-pub-rn2025-8-en-world-intangible-investment-highlights.pdf] Key trends and insights Co-published annually by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) in partnership  with the Luiss Business School (LBS), this second edition of the World Intangible Investment  Highlights (WIIH) reveals that intangible investment in the global economy has grown well  over three times faster than tangible investment since 2008, despite economic headwinds and  business uncertainty. Investment in intangibles – such as software and databases, intellectual property (IP), research  and development (R&D), brands and design (see box 1) – now constitutes a large and growing  share of world gross domestic product (GDP). Leadership in the global intangible economy is  multifaceted: the United States of America (US) dominates in terms of absolute investment,  Sweden l