--- FILE: 6ab84cab4e5c4edca52bae1d473adfd5.marked.pdf ---
Abstract: The digital economy's rapid growth has ushered society into a new era, where
data holds immense significance. In the field of legal academia, data can be seen as an
important carrier of intellectual property rights in a legal sense. Therefore, the research on
the path and models of intellectual property protection for data in the context of the digital
economy has become a focus of domestic and foreign scholars. This paper aims to address
the issues of limited avenues and low effectiveness in the protection of data intellectual
property rights in China. Through the definition and comparison of the concepts of data and
intellectual property rights in academic terms, this paper analyzes and compares the data
protection models in various countries worldwide with the actual data protection situation in
China, and summarizes the findings. Furthermore, the paper proposes specific measures for
the protection of data intellectual property rights in China, such as establishing clear
standards for certifying data compilation works and enacting specialized legislation for data
protection. These proposed regulations help to alleviate the current challenges in data
intellectual property rights protection to a certain extent.
Keywords: intellectual property, data resources, data property rights, digital economy,
regulatory pathway
1.

--- FILE: 8. 1-s2.0-S1059056025004794-main.pdf ---
Converting knowledge into Productivity: The role of intellectual 
property empowerment and digital economy in enhancing 
regional new quality productivity forces - Evidence from China
Yiling Liu, Yu-Cheng Lin *
Business School, Quanzhou Normal University, No. 398 Donghai Street, Quanzhou City, Fujian Province, 362000, China
A R T I C L E  I N F O
Keywords:
New quality productivity forces
Intellectual property empowerment
Digital economy
Technological innovation
Regional heterogeneity
A B S T R A C T
In the context of China’s ongoing digital transformation and the strengthening of intellectual 
property protection systems, cultivating new quality productive forces has become a key strategy 
for promoting high-quality economic development. This study investigates the synergistic effects 
of intellectual property empowerment and the digital economy on regional new quality pro­
ductivity forces, drawing upon panel data from 31 Chinese provinces between 2012 and 2022. 
Utilizing an entropy weighting method, a comprehensive index system is constructed to evaluate 
new quality productivity forces, focusing on technological innovation, green transformation, and 
digital productivity. Utilizing a two-way fixed effects model, which controls for time-invariant 
characteristics and period-specific effects, we empirically examine the impacts of intellectual 
property empowerment and the digital economy on new quality productivity forces. Control 
variables include human capital, openness,

--- FILE: 10. 5f8595ae03538.pdf ---
Abstract 
Intellectual property is regarded to be the digital economy's hot issue. It ranges from theoretical arguments to own 
information concerning everyday life relating to the foundation of internet geography. The current study deals with 
the impact of the digital economy on intellectual property law and proposes that although various countries have 
given many intellectual property laws, no such implementation has ever been made. Still, the digital world has 
witnessed the protection of intellectual law through technical protection and contracts. The digital economy has 
greatly impacted the intellectual property law that can be witnessed through cyber squatter legislation and 
significant legal and economic protection developments. The endorsement of business methods patents and e-
commerce would significantly affect freedom, computer as well as privacy. However, some of their personal 
information has been suggested by giving individual property rights while describing it to protect freedom and 
privacy. In this study, it has also been concluded that policy is critical to conceive and analyze issues so that it 
would be technology independent. It would help policymakers to draft legislation and policies in the same way. In 
addition to this, policymakers' decisions should not base on any business model's specifics only. Moreover, the 
study suggests the need for other adaptations to ensure that all the essential purposes in copyright laws, such as 
giving free access to the public for a broader range of information, have been adequately fulfilled in the digital 
economy context. However, such adaptations are yet to design, and for completing such tasks, the stakeholders' 
participation is significant. 
Keywords: copyright issues, digital economy, e-commerce, intellectual property law 
1.

--- FILE: 2542-3185-cuespol-42-80-136 ky nguyen so.pdf ---
Abstract
The development of information and communication 
technologies, typical of the digital era, is accompanied by 
the emergence of new objects of civil relations. Some of such 
objects are the result of intellectual and creative activity and, 
consequently, become the subject of intellectual property rights. 
However, technology is developing faster than legislation. 
Therefore, many problems arise in the field of intellectual 
property due to contradictions and gaps in national legislation. This paper 
aims to identify the most important difficulties in the field of intellectual 
property and find ways to overcome them. The article pays special attention 
to the problems of copyright infringement on the Internet. The need for 
the development of virtual libraries is considered as one of the directions 
of knowledge dissemination with simultaneous protection of copyrights. 
The preventive means of copyright protection against infringement on the 
Internet are analyzed. It is concluded that, recently, the innovative or digital 
economy increasingly prevails over the industrial economy, which indicates 
the beginning of the transition to a digital society.
Keywords: 	 intellectual property; copyright; piracy and plagiarism; 
virtual libraries; protection of intellectual property rights.
*	
Doctor of Law, Associate professor, Professor of the Department of Civil and Economic Law and 
Process of the International Humanitarian University, Odesa, Ukraine. ORCID ID: https://orcid.
org/0000-0002-6806-5017. Email: t795959@gmail.com
**	
PhD., Associate professor of the Department of General Legal Disciplines of the National University 
"Odesa Maritime Academy", Odesa, Ukraine. ORCID ID: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7629-1957. 
Email: olesia1983@hotmail.com
***	 PhD, Associate Professor of the Department of Intellectual Property Law, and Corporate Law of the 
National University “Odessa Law Academy”. ORCID ID: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-3051-6599. 
Email: kyriliuk.ala@gmail.com
****	PhD., Associate Professor of the Department of Intellectual Property Law, and Patent Justice of the 
National University "Odesa Law Academy". ORCID ID: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6263-2773. 
Email: galupova_9@gmail.com 
***** PhD., Associate Professor of the Department of Civil and Economic Law and Procedure International 
humanitarian university. ORCID ID: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2013-8889. Email: v774910@
gmail.com
137
CUESTIONES POLÍTICAS 
Vol. 42 Nº 80 (2024): 136-158
Cuestiones de derechos de propiedad intelectual 
en la era digital
Resumen
El desarrollo de las tecnologías de la información y la comunicación, 
propio de la era digital, va acompañado del surgimiento de nuevos objetos 
de relaciones civiles. Algunos de tales objetos son el resultado de la actividad 
intelectual y creativa y, en consecuencia, se convierten en objeto de derechos 
de propiedad intelectual. Sin embargo, la tecnología se está desarrollando 
más rápido que la legislación. Por lo tanto, surgen muchos problemas en 
el campo de la propiedad intelectual debido a las contradicciones y vacíos 
en la legislación nacional. Este documento tiene como objetivo identificar 
las dificultades más importantes en el campo de la propiedad intelectual y 
encontrar formas de superarlas. El artículo presta especial atención a los 
problemas de infracción de derechos de autor en Internet. Se considera la 
necesidad del desarrollo de bibliotecas virtuales como una de las direcciones 
de la difusión del conocimiento con la protección simultánea de los derechos 
de autor. Se analizan los medios preventivos de protección de los derechos 
de autor contra violaciones en Internet. Se concluye que, Recientemente, la 
economía innovadora o digital prevalece cada vez más sobre la economía 
industrial, lo que indica el inicio de la transición a una sociedad digital. 
Palabras clave: propiedad intelectual; derechos de autor; piratería y 
plagio; bibliotecas virtuales; protección de los derechos 
de propiedad intelectual.

--- FILE: 20001-_23501.pdf ---
UNITED NATIONS INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATION  
Vienna International Centre, P.O. Box 300, 1400 Vienna, Austria 
Tel: (+43-1) 26026-0 · www.unido.org · unido@unido.org 
 
 
 
 
OCCASION 
 
This publication has been made available to the public on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the 
United Nations Industrial Development Organisation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DISCLAIMER 
 
This document has been produced without formal United Nations editing. The designations 
employed and the presentation of the material in this document do not imply the expression of any 
opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations Industrial Development 
Organization (UNIDO) concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city or area or of its 
authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries, or its economic system or 
degree of development. Designations such as  “developed”, “industrialized” and “developing” are 
intended for statistical convenience and do not necessarily express a judgment about the stage 
reached by a particular country or area in the development process. Mention of firm names or 
commercial products does not constitute an endorsement by UNIDO. 
 
 
 
FAIR USE POLICY 
 
Any part of this publication may be quoted and referenced for educational and research purposes 
without additional permission from UNIDO. However, those

--- FILE: 28732.pdf ---
Abstract 
Intellectual Property (IP) is a cornerstone of the modern innovation economy, providing legal 
frameworks that protect the creations of inventors, artists, and businesses. This paper explores the 
critical role that IP plays in fostering innovation and driving economic growth. By granting exclusive 
rights to creators, IP incentivizes investment in research and development (R&D), encourages 
entrepreneurship, and stimulates the growth of IP-driven sectors such as technology, pharmaceuticals, 
and entertainment. However, the paper also examines the complexities of IP protection, including its 
potential to create monopolies, limit competition, and hinder the dissemination of knowledge. The 
discussion emphasizes the importance of balanced IP policies that promote innovation while ensuring 
accessibility to technology and knowledge. It further explores the global IP landscape, highlighting how 
well-designed IP systems can contribute to national and global economic progress. By analyzing both 
the benefits and challenges of intellectual property, this paper provides recommendations for optimizing 
IP frameworks to promote sustainable economic growth in the knowledge-driven economy of the 21st  
century. 
 
Keywords: Intellectual Property, Innovation, Economic Growth, Patents, Copyright, Trademarks, IP 
Policy

--- FILE: 255387.pdf ---
The impact of digitalization on intellectual 
property strategy 
An exploratory study of Nordic engineering firms 
Master’s Thesis in the Master’s Programme  
MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMICS OF INNOVATION 
 
 
JACOB MOOS 
PONTUS LUNDBLADH 
 
 
 
 
Department of Technology Management and Economics 
Division of Entrepreneurship & Strategy 
CHALMERS UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY 
Gothenburg, Sweden 2018 
Report No. E 2018:044

--- FILE: 1122825.pdf ---
Abstract
Interest in intellectual property has increased in the XXI century as the basis of 
the global innovation economy. The subject of the presented analysis is intellectual 
property as a factor influencing the innovative development of the economies of 
different states. The article notes the dependence of the level and quality of economic 
growth on the pace and scale of innovation activity, the degree of involvement in 
the process of scientific and technological development. The results achieved by the 
countries in the field of intellectual property and innovative development presented. 
The

--- FILE: AJMSS-3-2-132-136.pdf ---
Abstract: In the digital era, intellectual property infringement is showing a frequent trend, and sports intellectual property is 
also inevitable. In order to promote the safety and security of sports intellectual property rights worldwide, research suggests 
that it is necessary to strengthen international collaboration in order to achieve this, and the difficulties of international 
collaboration mainly manifest in the value conflicts of ideas, rule of law, and policies. The study proposes to strive for the 
uniformity of the application of sports intellectual property legal system; Actively utilizing technical measures to protect sports 
intellectual property rights; Vigorously promote the legal coordination of sports intellectual property protection. 
Keywords: International Perspective; Sports Intellectual Property Rights; Strategy. 
 
1.

--- FILE: bowman1996.pdf ---
Bowman
to critically test the five approaches. Rather, their intent was to provide opinions
of senior managers about how and why their organizations function as they do.
To that end. Maximum Leadership does an excellent job of demystifying what
the world's leading CEOs do all day and why.
Farkas and De Backer also claim it was not their intent to offer a "silver bullet"
for business success. Yet the anecdotal evidence presented—which is based on
over 12,000 pages of interview transcripts—suggests that using the "right"
approach can lead to organizational effectiveness or success. Given the
tremendous range of organizations covered in this book. Maximum Leadership
should be of interest to senior managers around the world and in every kind of
business.
The Digital Economy: Promise and Peril in
the Age of Networked Intelligence
Reviewed by loel P. Bowman, Western Michigan University
Book Review
DIGITAL
ECONOMY
•- PROMISE AND PERIL
\ IN THE AGE OF
' NETWORKED
; INTELLIGENCE
DON 
TAPSCDTT
COAUTHOR OF
By Don Tapscott, New
York: McGraw-Hill
1996. 342 pages, hard
cover, $24.95.
At this point, it should be obvious to nearly everyone that we are in the throes of
a revolution every bit as sweeping and significant as the Industrial Revolution
of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Changes in technology and
digital convergence—the merging of the computer, communications and
information industries—are having a profound effect on virtually every aspect of
our lives, and we ha

--- FILE: Converting knowledge into Productivity.pdf ---
Converting knowledge into Productivity: The role of intellectual 
property empowerment and digital economy in enhancing 
regional new quality productivity forces - Evidence from China
Yiling Liu, Yu-Cheng Lin *
Business School, Quanzhou Normal University, No. 398 Donghai Street, Quanzhou City, Fujian Province, 362000, China
A R T I C L E  I N F O
Keywords:
New quality productivity forces
Intellectual property empowerment
Digital economy
Technological innovation
Regional heterogeneity
A B S T R A C T
In the context of China’s ongoing digital transformation and the strengthening of intellectual 
property protection systems, cultivating new quality productive forces has become a key strategy 
for promoting high-quality economic development. This study investigates the synergistic effects 
of intellectual property empowerment and the digital economy on regional new quality pro­
ductivity forces, drawing upon panel data from 31 Chinese provinces between 2012 and 2022. 
Utilizing an entropy weighting method, a comprehensive index system is constructed to evaluate 
new quality productivity forces, focusing on technological innovation, green transformation, and 
digital productivity. Utilizing a two-way fixed effects model, which controls for time-invariant 
characteristics and period-specific effects, we empirically examine the impacts of intellectual 
property empowerment and the digital economy on new quality productivity forces. Control 
variables include human capital, openness,

--- FILE: Creative_Economy_as_a_Driver_of_Economic_Growth_in.pdf ---
ABSTRACT 
 
The creative economy has become a strategic sector in supporting economic growth in the digital era. 
This research aims to explore the opportunities and potential of the creative economy through digitalization 
and the challenges faced in developing this sector. This study uses a qualitative study method, with in-depth 
interviews and observations as data collection techniques to explore the experiences, strategies, and obstacles 
faced by business actors. The results show that digitalization plays an important role in expanding market 
reach, improving operational efficiency, and driving innovation. Business actors utilize e-commerce, social 
media, and digital applications to promote creative products and interact directly with consumers effectively. 
However, this success still faces challenges, including limited internet infrastructure and low digital literacy 
among small and medium business actors. Appropriate policy support and increasing digital literacy are key 
in overcoming these obstacles. This research concludes that with collaboration between the government, the 
private sector, and the community, the creative economy in Indonesia has great potential to become a key 
pillar of sustainable economic growth and strengthen competitiveness in the global market. 
 
Keyword: Creative economy, digitalization, e-commerce, innovation, policy, indonesia

--- FILE: Digital_economy_technological_innovation_and_susta.pdf ---
Abstract
This paper examines the impact of the digital economy on sustainable development, using
panel data from cities at the prefecture level and above in China from 2011 to 2019. The
results indicate: (1) The digital economy is conducive to boosting growth, increasing
employment, reducing energy consumption, and cutting emissions, thereby promoting sus-
tainable development. These findings prove robust. (2) Mechanism test outcomes reveal
that, from the perspective of technological innovation, the digital economy can promote sus-
tainable development through increasing R&D input and enhancing innovation output. (3)
An extended analysis of the risk of a digital "divide" demonstrates that "dividend" of the digi-
tal economy is primarily manifests in spurring economic growth, enhancing energy effi-
ciency, and strengthening environmental protection in lagging regions, while the digital
"divide" effect is manifested in the stronger employment stimulating effect of developed
regions versus backward areas. The results of this study not only enrich the relevant
research system, but also provide empirical evidence to support accelerating digital trans-
formation, strengthening technological innovation governance, and advancing sustainable
development.
1.

--- FILE: Does_intellectual_property_protection_stimulate_di.pdf ---
ABSTRACT
The digital economy plays an important role in society and the 
economy. However, we know little about what factors affect the 
development of the digital economy. Using a self-developed index 
for measuring Chinese provincial-level digital economy develop­
ment, this paper examines the impact of intellectual property pro­
tection on the digital economy. We find that there is a U-shaped 
relationship between intellectual property protection and digital 
economy. Our findings remain valid after a battery of robustness 
tests. Our findings support the importance of intellectual property 
protection in developing the digital economy.
ARTICLE HISTORY 
Received 9 August 2021  
Accepted 19 February 2022 
KEYWORDS 
Digital economy; intellectual 
property protection; 
U-shaped relationship
1.

--- FILE: EBOOK-Intellectual-Property-in-the-Digital-Age.pdf ---
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY
IN THE DIGITAL AGE
Consumatori
e Mercato 17
Islambek Rustambekov, Said Gulyamov,
Anna Ubaydullaeva
 
Università degli Studi Roma Tre 
Dipartimento di Giurisprudenza

--- FILE: Enigma_of_Relationship_between_Digital_Economy_and.pdf ---
Abstract

--- FILE: expert-panel-report-intellectual-property-2020-02-20_0.pdf ---
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/369666758
Report: Intellectual Property in Ontario's Innovation Ecosystem Expert Panel on
Intellectual Property
Technical Report · February 2020
CITATIONS
0
READS
307
4 authors, including:
Danielle Pierre
Ontario College of Art and Design
8 PUBLICATIONS   4 CITATIONS   
SEE PROFILE
All content following this page was uploaded by Danielle Pierre on 31 March 2023.
The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.
Report: Intellectual Property in 
Ontario’s Innovation Ecosystem
Expert Panel on Intellectual Property
Report to the Government of Ontario
February 2020

--- FILE: Intellectual property (IP) data analytics for innovation.pdf ---
Intellectual property (IP) data analytics for innovation, research and development, and strategic 
management – Adopting state-of-the-art artificial intelligent (AI) and machine learning 
(ML) approaches
Editor's point
Integrating artificial intelligence (AI) and large language models 
(LLMs) into the intellectual property landscape had significant impacts 
in recent years. Add 1-2 Examples and References here. Besides practical 
impact, substantial scholarly attention has also been devoted to the topic 
[1].
In this special issue, we focus on these innovative solutions and 
impacts of artificial intelligence and machine learning in the domains of 
patent data analytics and IP management from different perspectives. 
This includes not only the novel methodologies and applications of AI in 
patent data retrieval, processing, analysis, and management, but also 
depicting the impacts of AI-related IP policies, related IP laws, regula­
tions, and legal applicability. Investigating new AI techniques and ap­
plications to assist inventors and IP applicants in smart application 
processes is among the key topics in the resulting special issue. It seeks to 
provide comprehensive consideration, also critically addressing the 
impact of artificial intelligence in intellectual property ecosystems. 
Submitted articles should primarily focus on the AI techniques, solu­
tions, applications, and impacts on IP data analytics and patent infor­
matics for innovation, research and development,

--- FILE: Intellectual property protection and corporate digital.pdf ---
Intellectual property protection and corporate digital 
transformation: An empirical analysis from the perspectives of 
intellectual property protection and digital governance
Tianli Ding a,*, Lin Yang b
a Law School, Northwest University, Xi’an, 710127, China
b Law School, Xi’an Peihua University, Xi’an, 710125, China
A R T I C L E  I N F O
Keywords:
Intellectual property protection
Digital governance
Digital transformation
Corporate innovation
Government transparency
A B S T R A C T
This paper uses data from Chinese A-share listed companies from 2013 to 2022 as a research 
sample to explore the relationship between intellectual property protection, digital governance, 
and corporate digital transformation. The study finds that: intellectual property protection pro­
motes corporate digital transformation; digital governance promotes corporate digital trans­
formation; intellectual property protection enhances corporate innovation, thereby promoting 
corporate digital transformation; digital governance enhances government transparency, thereby 
promoting corporate digital transformation; and digital governance plays a positive moderating 
role in the relationship between intellectual property protection and corporate digital trans­
formation, with this moderating effect exhibiting heterogeneity across eastern, central, and 
western regions.
1. Introduction
Currently, the Fourth Industrial Revolution, characterized by digitalization, networking, and intelligence, is reshaping

--- FILE: Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy  Examining the expansion of M-Pesa.pdf ---
ABSTRACT
The importance of intellectual capital in the digital economy implies an increasingly central 
role of intellectual property rights (IPR). However, there are concerns that the expansion of 
intellectual property rights concentrates profits from innovation, creating “intellectual 
monopolies”. This is particularly concerning with respect to strong global regimes of 
intellectual property that foster economic inequities between the Global South and North. 
Such arguments imply that IPR is a core driver of structural inequality in the digital economy, 
yet there is very little empirical analysis of how such conceptual ideas unfold. This study 
focuses on IPR in the Kenyan mobile money service M-Pesa. It charts how M-Pesa expanded 
from a development-orientated innovation in Kenya to become part of a global enterprise. 
Control of IPR has led to bottlenecks in innovation in Kenya and significant South-to-North 
financial transfers. Overall, this case contributes to expanding the debate about patterns of 
innovation and governance of the digital economy. As digital firms expand, unpacking the 
processes by which global intellectual property regimes and cross-border IPR practices shape 
uneven power relations and inequality is vital.

--- FILE: Intellectual_Property_and_Economic_Development_Cat.pdf ---
ABSTRACT 
Keywords:  
Intellectual 
property, 
innovation, entrepreneurship, 
technology 
transfer, 
public 
health 
 
This article explores the complex relationship between 
intellectual property (IP) and financial growth, explaining how 
strong IP laws promote entrepreneurship, innovation, and 
sustainable development. It explores how intellectual property 
rights facilitate technology transfer, encourage R&D investments, 
and support the growth of knowledge-driven economies by 
referencing recent studies and policy initiatives. It also addresses 
important IP disputes and challenges, such as the availability of 
essential pharmaceuticals, the spread of technology, and the fine 
line that must be drawn between protecting the public interest and 
promoting innovation. This study emphasizes the critical role that 
intellectual property plays in determining the direction of global 
economic growth and prosperity from a multidisciplinary 
standpoint. To better understand the intricate connection between 
intellectual property (IP) and the development of the economy, 
this article looks at how strong IP laws can promote 
entrepreneurship, innovation, and long-term growth. It examines 
how intellectual property rights encourage investment in R&D, 
ease technology transfer, and promote the establishment of 
knowledge-based economies, drawing on recent studies and 
legislative initiatives. It also discusses important IP-related issues 
and debates, including as the distribution of technology, the 
difficulty of obtaining necessary medications, and how to strike a 
balance between fostering innovation and protecting the interests 
of the general public. This study emphasizes the relevance of 
intellectual property in determining the course of future global 
prosperity and economic growth through a multidisciplinary 
perspective. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© The Author(s). 2023 Open Access. This article is distributed under the terms of the journal and is licensed under Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 
4.0). which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and redistribution in any medium, provided that the original author(s) and source are credited. 
 
Journal of Advanced Research in Humanities and Law (IJREL) 
ISSN 2980-4043 
International Journal of Advanced Research in Humanities and Law (IJREL), 1(2): 83-85, 2024 
84 
 
 
 
1.

--- FILE: Intellectual_property_in_the_digital_age.pdf ---
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY
IN THE DIGITAL AGE
Islambek Rustambekov, Said Gulyamov,
Anna Ubaydullaeva
Consumatori
e Mercato 17

--- FILE: INTELLECTUAL_PROPERTY_IN_THE_DIGITAL_ECONOMY_THEOR.pdf ---
Abstract. Intellectual property is one of the key resources for the development of the digital economy. The 
21
Интеллект. Инновации. Инвестиции / Intellect. Innovations. Investments • № 2, 2021                     
Интеллектуальная собственность в цифровой экономике: теоретические и практические аспекты
results of the creative work of human intelligence contribute to the development of digital technologies, participate 
in the formation of an independent, global digital market, and provide significant income from the export of 
services in the field of intellectual property. The article reveals the essence of intellectual property and presents 
mechanisms for the dissemination of the results of intellectual activity. The relevance of the study lies in the 
growing role of intellectual property in the digital economy and in the need to timely understand the benefits 
of using digital technologies, assess the risks associated with the unfair use of intellectual property, transfer of 
science-intensive developments, the growth of cybercrime, and unauthorized access to personal data. The purpose 
of this study is to determine the possibilities of using digital technologies in the field of intellectual property 
management. The paper presents projects for the creation of information retrieval systems for registration and 
protection of intellectual property rights, notes software systems focused on platform solutions and the use of 
end-to-end technologies that allow automating operations related to the formal examination of applications for 
state registration of intellectual property objects. The necessity of developing transfer of the results of intellectual 
activity, which is a key element of the innovation process, facilitating the transfer of knowledge from the research 
environment to the real sector of the economy, has been substantiated. The specifics of licensing, which allows 
research organizations and innovative companies to transfer intellectual property

--- FILE: Intellectual_Property_Law_in_the_Digital_Economy_E.pdf ---
ABSTRACT 
With the rapid development of the digital economy, intellectual property protection faces new 
challenges such as the definition and protection of data rights, the legal status of AI-generated works,
cross-border infringement, the responsibility of internet platforms, and the protection of trade secrets. 
This paper analyzes the characteristics of the digital economy era and the specific issues faced by 
intellectual property law, proposing corresponding countermeasures. These include improving the 
data rights protection system, clarifying the legal status of AI-generated works, strengthening
international cooperation, defining the responsibilities of internet platforms, and enhancing the 
protection of trade secrets. Through the integration of law and technology, international cooperation,
and public education, the paper aims to promote the innovation and development of the intellectual 
property protection system to facilitate the healthy growth of the digital economy. 
KEYWORDS 
Digital economy; Intellectual property; Legal countermeasures 
1.

--- FILE: Intellectual_Property_Protection_Measures_in_the_D.pdf ---
Abstract 
This article explores the protection measures for intellectual property (IP) in the digital economy. With 
the rapid development of the digital economy, protecting intellectual property has become particularly 
crucial. The aim of this article is to analyze the current status and challenges of intellectual property 
protection in the context of the digital economy and to discuss effective protection strategies and 
mechanisms. The research employs literature review and case analysis methods, and the main findings 
include the importance of legal regulations, the application of technical means, and the necessity of 
international cooperation. The conclusion summarizes the main issues faced today and proposes future 
development directions and recommendations. 
Keywords 
Digital economy, Intellectual property protection, Legal regulations, Technical means, International 
cooperation 
 
1.

--- FILE: Intellectual_property_rights_and_control_in_the_digital_economy_Examining_the_expansion_of_M-Pesa.pdf ---
The University of Manchester Research
Intellectual property rights and control in the digital
economy: Examining the expansion of M-Pesa
DOI:
10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895
Document Version
Final published version
Link to publication record in Manchester Research Explorer
Citation for published version (APA):
Foster, C. (2023). Intellectual property rights and control in the digital economy: Examining the expansion of M-
Pesa. The Information Society. https://doi.org/10.1080/01972243.2023.2259895
Published in:
The Information Society
Citing this paper
Please note that where the full-text provided on Manchester Research Explorer is the Author Accepted Manuscript
or Proof version this may differ from the final Published version. If citing, it is advised that you check and use the
publisher's definitive version.
General rights
Copyright and moral rights for the publications made accessible in the Research Explorer are retained by the
authors and/or other copyright owners and it is a condition of accessing publications that users recognise and
abide by the legal requirements associated with these rights.
Takedown policy
If you believe that this document breaches copyright please refer to the University of Manchester’s Takedown
Procedures [http://man.ac.uk/04Y6Bo] or contact openresearch@manchester.ac.uk providing relevant details, so
we can investigate your claim.
Download date:05. thg 5. 2025
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
https://www.tandfonline.com/ac

--- FILE: Intellectual_property_rights_in_the_digital_age.pdf ---
167
Барановська В.М. Право інтелектуальної 
власності в цифрову добу. 
У сучасному світі, що швидко розвивається, 
де інформаційні технології стають неодмінною 
складовою суспільного життя, поняття «цифрова 
доба» набуває особливого значення. Ця епоха 
характеризується прагматичним використанням 
цифрових технологій у всіх сферах господарсь-
кої, соціальної та культурної діяльності. В такому 
контексті, важливим аспектом функціонування 
сучасного суспільства є право інтелектуаль-
ної власності, яке в цифрову добу набуває нові 
виклики та можливості.
Право інтелектуальної власності визнає та за-
хищає інтелектуальні та творчі досягнення осо-
би чи колективу, надаючи їм право власності та 
контролю над цими досягненнями. Важливим є 
те, що право інтелектуальної власності сприяє 
стимулюванню творчості та інновацій, оскільки 
воно надає власникам інтелектуальних прав від-
повідні економічні стимули.
Зростання використання цифрових техно-
логій і Інтернету викликає ряд нових питань і 
викликів, пов’язаних з правами інтелектуальної 
власності. З одного боку, цифрова доба створює 
унікальні можливості для створення, розповсюд-
ження і використання інтелектуальної власності, 
приводячи до нових форм творчості та підтримки 
культурного обміну. З іншого боку, вона пород-
жує проблеми щодо контролю, захисту та відтво-
рення цієї власності у цифровому середовищі, 
зокрема, зростанням піратства та порушення ав-
торських прав.
В цифрову добу право інтелектуальної влас-
ності стає основою

--- FILE: Intellectual_Property_Rights_in_the_Digital_Era_Ex.pdf ---
Abstract  
Protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights have become increasingly complex and challenging in the digital era. This article 
discusses the legal aspects of intellectual property, with a particular focus on copyright within the context of the digital era. It explores 
the evolving nature of intellectual property laws and discusses the importance of comprehensive legal frameworks that need to focus on 
the unique challenges posed by the digital age. One of the critical areas of concern is copyright protection in digital content-sharing. The 
rise of online platforms and digital technologies has revolutionised content creation and dissemination and has given rise to significant 
copyright infringement issues. This article examines the copyright challenges that creators, right holders, and digital platforms face and 
explores the legal mechanisms to combat copyright infringement in the digital realm. By shedding light on these topics, this article aims 
to contribute to a better understanding of copyright under intellectual property rights in the dynamic and rapidly evolving digital ecosystem. 
It emphasises the need for strong legal frameworks that balance protecting intellectual property and promoting creativity in the digital 
age. 
Keywords: Digital literacy, Educational Resources and Copyright, Economic Growth through IP Protection, Digital 
Infrastructure, Online Content Regulation, International IP cooperation.

--- FILE: INTELLECTUAL+PROPERTY+RIGHTS+IN+THE+DIGITAL+ECONOMY.pdf ---
Abstract: This chapter explores the evolving landscape of Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) 
within the digital economy, focusing on key innovations and legal protections. The digital 
revolution has introduced both unprecedented opportunities and significant challenges for IPR, 
necessitating adaptive legal frameworks and innovative management strategies. This study 
begins with an overview of the historical development of IPR, highlighting major milestones and 
technological advancements that have shaped current practices. It then examines various types of 
IPR, including copyrights, patents, and trademarks, and their application in digital contexts. The 
legal framework section delves into international treaties, national legislation, and significant 
case studies, providing a comprehensive understanding of the regulatory environment. 
Additionally, the chapter discusses cutting-edge innovations in IPR management, such as Digital 
Rights Management (DRM) systems, blockchain technology, and artificial intelligence. The 
conclusion synthesizes key findings, offers recommendations for future IPR policies, and 
anticipates future trends and challenges. This chapter aims to contribute to the scholarly 
discourse on IPR by providing insights into the intersection of law, technology, and innovation in 
the digital age. 
Keywords: Intellectual Property Rights, Digital Economy, Copyright , Patents , Trademarks 
 
I.

--- FILE: IntellectualPropertyRightsIPRTheirRoleChallengesandGlobalImpactintheDigitalAge.pdf ---
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/389888478
Intellectual Property Rights (IPR): Their Role, Challenges, and Global Impact
in the Digital Age
Article · November 2024
DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.15016174
CITATIONS
0
READS
68
1 author:
Dr Vishwasrao Mane
Shivaji University
44 PUBLICATIONS   7 CITATIONS   
SEE PROFILE
All content following this page was uploaded by Dr Vishwasrao Mane on 16 March 2025.
The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.
INSIGHT BULLETIN: A
MULTIDISCIPLINARY
INTERLINK INTERNATIONAL
RESEARCH JOURNAL
Published By :
Royal International Global LLC 
United States of America (USA)
Website: https://ibrj.us
Email: 2024ibrj.us@gmail.com 
November-2024 Volume-1 Issue-2
 Editor
Santosh P. Mane
(IBMIIRJ)
ISSN: 3065-7857

--- FILE: ip_innovation_development.pdf ---
1
Role of Intellectual Property in Innovation and New Product 
Development
By Christopher M.  Kalanje1, Consultant, SMEs Division, WIPO
"...Because its purpose is to create a customer, business has two—and only two 
functions: Marketing and innovation.  Marketing and innovation produce results, all the 
rest are costs."
 Peter Drucker
Innovation 
Generally put, an ‘innovation’ is developing a new idea and putting it into practice.  As 
this article is focused on the competitive strategy of a private enterprise in a market-
driven business environment, the term ‘innovation’ is used here to refer to the process of 
bringing valuable new products (goods and services) to market i.e., from the idea/concept 
formulation stage to the successful launching of a new or improved product in the 
marketplace2, or the result of that process, so as to meet the explicit or implied needs of 
current or potential customers.  In other words, through innovation an enterprise seeks to 
deliver unique new value to its customers.  In this context, ‘marketing’ is the 
understanding of that unique new value and communicating it to the current and potential 
customers of a business so that the product sells itself.  
Technological innovation may be classified in several ways: product vs.  process, radical 
(basic or fundamental) vs.  incremental (improvement), and disruptive vs.  sustaining 
(sequential and/or complementary).  Other important types of (non-technological) 
innovations that do not resul

--- FILE: ip_panorama_8_learning_points.pdf ---
MODULE
08
IP in the Digital Economy

--- FILE: Legal infrastructures for firm innovation Effects of intellectual.pdf ---
Legal infrastructures for firm innovation: Effects of intellectual 
property protection in the era of digital economy
Bingru Yuan *, Weibo Li
School of Law, Chongqing University, Chongqing 400044, China
A R T I C L E  I N F O
Keywords:
Intellectual property protection
Firm innovation
Firm digital transformation
A B S T R A C T
This paper, using a sample of A-share firms in China from 2018 to 2022, demonstrates a positive 
influence of intellectual property protection on firm innovation and reveals that digital trans­
formation mediates this relationship, amplifying the innovation impetus provided by robust in­
tellectual property regimes. Notably, the positive effect of intellectual property protection on firm 
innovation is found to be weaker high-tech industries than that in non-high-tech industries. These 
findings highlight the nuanced role of intellectual property legal frameworks in fostering inno­
vation and the evolving dynamics of digital transformation across different industry contexts.
1. Introduction
In the contemporary digital economy, technology and data are pivotal for shaping the competitive edge of firms. Intellectual 
property (IP) protection, a critical legal infrastructure, supports innovation (Neves et al., 2021). China, a pivotal player in global 
innovation, presents a unique approach to IP protection. As digital transformation becomes the norm in China, the intersection of IP 
rights and the digital economy emerges as a complex and dynamic field. IP p

--- FILE: Legal_Protection_of_Intellectual_Property_Rights_i.pdf ---
ABSTRACT  
Article history: 
Received August, 2024 
Revised October, 2024 
Accepted October, 2024 
 
 
This research aims to understand the Legal Protection of Intellectual 
Property Rights in the Digital Industry: A Review of Legal 
Developments and Implementation Challenges.The literature study 
will also include a review of relevant legal literature, especially relating 
to intellectual property protection in the digital era. In addition, legal 
sources related to IPR in the digital era are also an important basis for 
this analysis, ensuring a deep understanding of the existing regulatory 
framework. By utilizing the latest literature and relevant legal sources, 
this research can provide a comprehensive understanding of the 
challenges, trends and solutions in protecting IPR amidst the dynamics 
of digital technology. Research results Legal protection of intellectual 
property rights (IPR) in the digital era is a complex and vital issue that 
requires 
a 
holistic 
approach. 
Challenges 
include 
copyright 
infringement, data security, and global competition for patents and 
trademarks. Strong and effective regulations are needed to address 
these challenges without stifling innovation and economic growth. 
Awareness of the importance of intellectual property rights must be 
increased through extensive educational campaigns and programs by 
increasing their understanding of copyright, patents, trademarks and 
industrial designs, individuals will play a greater role in respecting and 
protecting intellectual property rights in the digital era. 
Keywords: 
Legal Protection 
Intellectual Property Rights 
Digital Industry  
Legal Developments and 
Implementation Challenges 
This is an open access article under the CC BY-SA license. 
 
Corresponding Author: 
Name:  Khoirul Anam 
Institution Address: Tulungagung, Indonesia 
e-mail: khoirulanam@unita.ac.id  
 
1.

--- FILE: Paper2604.pdf ---
Abstract: In the rapidly evolving digital economy, copyright law plays a crucial role in balancing the 
interests of creators, consumers, and industry sectors. This research paper examines how copyright law 
influences innovation across different sectors and perspectives. Utilizing multinomial logistic regression 
analysis, the study investigates the impact of industry sector, perspective on copyright law, and the 
perceived importance of copyright protection on innovation. 
The results reveal that sectors like Technology and Entertainment perceive a significant positive impact of 
copyright law on innovation, contrasting with the Education sector, which shows no significant difference. 
Additionally, a supportive perspective on copyright law strongly correlates with a favorable view of its 
impact on innovation, while the importance of copyright protection also positively affects these perceptions. 
The findings underscore the need for tailored copyright policies that address sector-specific needs and 
perspectives to effectively support innovation. Future research should explore how evolving digital 
technologies and legal frameworks continue to shape these relationships and influence the balance between 
protection and access in the digital age. 
 
I.

--- FILE: Pedro Roffe-Intellectual Property Rights and SD.pdf ---
Project Document 
Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) 
Intellectual property rights and 
sustainable development:  
A survey of major issues  
 
Pedro Roffe  
Maximiliano Santa Cruz 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This document was prepared by Pedro Roffe and Maximiliano Santa Cruz, from Sustainable Development and Human 
Settlements Division, United Nations-Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), in the 
framework of the project ROA/49. 
The views expressed in this document, which has been reproduced without formal editing, are those of the authors and do 
not necessarily reflect the views of the Organization. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
United Nations Publication 
 
LC/W.xxxx 
Copyright © United Nations, October 2007. All rights reserved 
Printed in Santiago, Chile – United Nations 
 
Applications for the right to reproduce this work are welcomed and should be sent to the Secretary of the Publications 
Board, United Nations Headquarters, New York, N.Y. 10017, U.S.A. Member States and their governmental institutions 
may reproduce this work without prior authorization, but are requested to mention the source and inform the United 
Nations of such reproduction.

--- FILE: PROTECTION_OF_INTELLECTUAL_PROPERTY_RIGHTS_IN_THE_.pdf ---
79
ЕКОНОМІКА І ПРАВО
УДК 330.341.1
В. К.  Х А У С Т О В,
кандидат технічних наук, учений секретар
ДУ “Інститут економіки та прогнозування НАН України”,
вул. Панаса Мирного, 26, 01011, Київ, Україна
ОХОРОНА ПРАВ ІНТЕЛЕКТУАЛЬНОЇ ВЛАСНОСТІ 
В ГЛОБАЛЬНИХ ПРОЦЕСАХ РОЗВИТКУ 
ЦИФРОВОЇ ЕКОНОМІКИ
Узагальнено та систематизовано сучасні тенденції трансформації сфери охорони інте\
лектуальної власності, структуризації її об’єктів в умовах глобального поширення циф\
рової економіки. Обґрунтовано підвищення ролі нематеріальних активів у виробництві
товарної продукції та наданні послуг, у тому числі в глобальних ланцюжках створення
доданої вартості. Проаналізовано потенціальні виклики та перспективи України щодо
підвищення глобальної конкурентоспроможності. 
Ключові слова: інтелектуальна власність; нематеріальні активи; майнові та немай\
нові права; цифрова економіка; глобальна конкурентоспроможність.
Табл. 1.
UDC 330.341.1
V O L O D Y M Y R  K H A U S T O V,
Cand. of Techn. Sci., Scientific Secretary,
Institute for Economics and Forecasting of the NAS of Ukraine,
26, Panasa Myrnoho St., Kyiv, 01011, Ukraine
PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
IN THE GLOBAL PROCESSES OF THE DIGITAL 
ECONOMY DEVELOPMENT
The current trends of the transformation of the sphere of protection of intellectual property
rights and the structuring of intellectual property objects under conditions of the global
growth of the digital economy are generalized and systematized. Increasing role of intangible
assets

--- FILE: Research_on_Collaborative_Management_Mechanism_of_.pdf ---
Abstract: In the era of digital economy, about the internal relationship between scientific and technological 
innovation and green development, this study launched an in-depth discussion, and analyzed the rapid 
development of digital economy and as a new driving force to promote green development. This paper 
expounds the key role of scientific and technological innovation in promoting green development, and 
probes into the importance of innovation model in realizing environmental sustainability. At the same 
time, a theoretical framework of collaborative management is constructed, and corresponding management 
strategies are proposed to guide the effective integration of scientific and technological innovation and green 
development.
Keywords: Digital economy; scientific and technological innovation; green development; collaborative 
management

--- FILE: Research_on_Scientific_Management_Innovation_in_th.pdf ---
Abstract 
With the rapid development of digital economy, the wide application of information technology is reshaping the 
operation mode and management structure of enterprises. At the heart of the digital economy is data-driven 
decision making, intelligent management, and networked collaboration, which provide unprecedented 
opportunities and challenges for enterprises. By combining the successful cases of specific enterprises, this paper 
aims to provide practical strategies for business managers to help them better adapt to the rapid changes of the 
digital economy and improve management efficiency and decision-making ability. Finally, this paper hopes to 
provide a new perspective and thinking for the future scientific management research in the era of digital economy. 
Keywords: digital economy, management innovation 
1.

--- FILE: Research_on_the_Formation_Mechanism_and_Regulatory.pdf ---
Abstract. With the booming development of the digital economy, the dominant position of platform 
enterprises in various industries is gradually emerging. Many platform enterprises have formed market 
monopolies through mechanisms such as mergers and acquisitions, data control, and network effects. This 
monopoly phenomenon not only affects market competition and harms consumer interests, but also brings 
problems such as data privacy breaches. This article explores the mechanism of platform enterprise 
monopoly formation in the digital economy era, including factors such as increased market concentration, 
data barriers, and cross-border expansion. At the same time, it analyzes the harm of platform monopoly, 
such as damaged consumer welfare and limited market innovation. This article proposes effective regulatory 
strategies to address these issues, including improving anti-monopoly laws, strengthening data supervision, 
and promoting transparent platform operations. Finally, this article emphasizes the importance of 
international cooperation in regulating the digital economy and calls for the establishment of a unified 
regulatory framework worldwide.  
1

--- FILE: Research_on_the_influence_mechanism_of_intellectua.pdf ---
Abstract: In the context of accelerating the construction of the digital economy, it is of great practical 
6
 
significance to study the degree of intellectual property protection to improve the development of 
7
 
the digital economy to help the high-quality development of China's digital economy. The data of 
8
 
273 cities in China from 2012 to 2021 were selected as samples, and the level of intellectual property 
9
 
protection was measured by the number of intellectual property cases, and the development of the 
10
 
digital economy was measured by the Internet infrastructure, Internet-related output, and digital 
11
 
financial inclusion. It is found that 1) The protection of intellectual property rights has significantly 
12
 
improved the level of development of the digital economy. 2) Intellectual property protection can 
13
 
promote the development of the digital economy by increasing the activity of innovation. 3) The 
14
 
impact of intellectual property protection on the digital economy is verified from the levels of dif-
15
 
ferent regions, city sizes and local financial resources, and it is found that the positive effect of in-
16
 
tellectual property protection on the digital economy in the eastern region, Type II large cities and 
17
 
cities with high local financial resources is greater. 
18
 
Keywords: Intellectual property protection; digital economy; influence mechanism 
19
 
 
20
 
1.

--- FILE: Research_on_the_Transformation_and_Development_Str.pdf ---
Abstract. Due to the extensive use of digital technologies across numerous industries, the socio-
economy have entered the digital economy era, bringing new challenges and opportunities for 
development in all sectors. The financial industry, being a vital part of the national economy, is facing 
immense pressure for digital transformation. How to seize the opportunities brought by the digital 
economy and achieve sustainable development through digital transformation is a crucial issue 
facing financial institutions. Based on the review of relevant theories and current studies concerning 
the digital economy, it employs methods such as literature research, survey research, and 
comparative analysis to research how the financial sector is affected by the digital economy and 
evaluate the opportunities and challenges the sector is facing in this new digital economy age. On 
this basis, focusing on the perspective of innovation theory, it proposes innovative strategies to drive 
the digital transformation of the financial industry, provide specific measures from five aspects: 
technological innovation, product innovation, service innovation, channel innovation, and innovation 
of organizational mechanism and support. This research provides strong guidance for the 
development of the financial sector and its digital transformation in the era of the digital economy. 
Keywords: Digital Economy, Innovation Theory, Financial Industry, Digital Transformation. 
1.

--- FILE: Role_of_intellectual_property_in_the_development_o.pdf ---
Abstract
The war poses serious challenges to the economy, national security, and 
development of the country as a whole, and innovation can be an important 
tool in overcoming these challenges. The research aims to study the impact of 
intellectual property on stimulating and promoting innovative development 
in the context of technological progress. The methods of scientific cognition 
used include analysis, synthesis, deduction, comparison, generalisation, and 
systematisation; a systematic approach was applied to create a comprehensive 
methodology for analysing the situation in the intellectual property market. The 
study investigates how intellectual property can stimulate scientific research, 
promote the development of new technologies, increase competitiveness 
within the state and contribute to economic growth. The study analyses the 
works of Ukrainian scientists that have a positive impact on the development 
of Ukraine’s innovation potential. The author presents an opinion on the 
need to develop and improve the protection of intellectual property rights, as 
this will facilitate the discovery of new technologies and the involvement of 
scientists in their development. The author discusses the issue of establishing 
the High Court of Intellectual Property and identifies the advantages and 
disadvantages that may arise with the

--- FILE: ssrn-3923127.pdf ---
abstract=3923127
2 
 
Intellectual Property and the Digital Economy: Five Issues for 
International Norms and Trade Rules  
Dan Ciuriak 
9 September 2021 
Abstract: Over the past two centuries, the nature of innovation has evolved profoundly across 
many dimensions, including in the pace and volume of change, in the cost and institutional 
structure of innovation activity, in the enabling environment for innovation (which itself has 
evolved because of innovation), in the sources of demand for innovation, in the proliferation of 
entities engaged in innovation (including most recently the role of artificial intelligence as a patent-
receiving inventor), in the distribution of its benefits, and in the nature of concerns that new 
technologies have raised. With the emergence of the data-driven economy, the pervasive, protean 
and permanent characteristics of digitized data, one of today’s most important types of intellectual 
property, create fundamental new social and political conditions that will necessarily elicit social 
and political responses. And along the way, innovation and the system of protection for intangible 
assets that innovation produces became the central bone of contention in the trade and technology 
war between the United States and China (in which third countries are increasingly embroiled). 
Even as these profound changes unfolded, the basic instruments incentivizing innovation – the 
various forms of intellectual property (IP) protection – were essentially unchanged and indeed 
formally expanded, even as the amount of protected IP expanded enormously. Given that many 
key metrics of economic performance and social behaviour have changed in problematic directions 
during this period, and in light of the fact that in the innovation-intensive countries the economy 
has been transformed from one dominated by tangible assets to one dominated by (protected) 
intangible assets, the system bears reviewing. This note identifies five issues for the curr

--- FILE: ssrn-5147006.pdf ---
Abstract: Innovation is key to developing a knowledge-based economy because of its important 
role in creating labor markets and economic growth. In addition, policies to support the formation 
of a creative economy ecosystem must also be put forward, in this case, policies in the field of 
intellectual property rights (IPR); both in the field of registration, IPR protection, as well as IPR 
commercialization. Because in the global era, IPR is necessary for creating value, job 
opportunities, and economic growth. The aims of this research are (i). Analyze and examine the 
extent of the contribution of IP registration to increasing state revenue growth through Non-Tax 
State Revenue (PNBP). (ii) Analyze and review the extent of the contribution of IP registration to 
increasing revenue growth in the business sector. (iii) Analyze and assess the impact of policies 
taken by DJKI on increasing IP registration in Indonesia. The method of this research used a 
qualitative approach through Focus Group Discussion (FGD) and processed with NVivo.  
Based on the results, this research concludes that: (i) The contribution of IPR registration 
has proven to have an impact on PNBP through an increase in PNBP from 2016-2022. The 
increase in IP registration itself is due to factors in the growth of awareness from the public and 
economic actors on the importance of IP. This also implies that the variable of public awareness 
has an indirect impact on the achievement of PNBP performance of DGIP; (ii). IPR registration 
can protect business actors so that business actors can run their businesses calmly and unlock 
business development potentials because the registered products indirectly have a positive effect 
on income and ease of doing business in Indonesia, especially related to IPR protection itself. (iii) 
The policy taken by the government (DGIP) towards efforts to increase IPR registration implies 
that the creation of increased public awareness will have an impact on increasing IPR registration 
carried out which can be achieved through increasing socialization activities on an ongoing basis 
and improving services with technology.  
Due to the role of IPR being very positive for Indonesia's economic growth through its 
important role in the development of the creative economy and technology, this research 
recommends the DGIP become a ministry-level body so that the policies taken focus more on the 
economic sector. 
Keywords: Business Sector, Economic Growth, Intellectual Property Rights, Qualitative Method, 
State Revenue

--- FILE: Study_on_the_Two-way_Mutual_Promotion_Model_of_Dig.pdf ---
Abstract: China has good soil for the development of digital economy, but the development of digital economy cannot be 
escorted by intellectual property rights. At present, the development of digital economy is facing many challenges and risks, and 
the development of intellectual property protection in China is in a new transition period, however, there is still a lack of 
intellectual property protection in the digital economy. Based on the analysis of the development status of digital economy and 
intellectual property and the interrelationship between them, an operation model is built to promote the development of digital 
economy and intellectual property in both directions, with the government, enterprises, society and the public forming an 
"ecosystem" to participate in the operation of the model, and a guarantee mechanism is set up to ensure the sustainable 
development of the model. 
Keywords: Digital Economy; Intellectual Property; Two-way Mutual Promotion. 
 
1.

--- FILE: sustainability-17-03135.pdf ---
Abstract: Innovative technologies have become a key driver of global development, en-
hancing communication, streamlining processes, and facilitating institutional collaboration.
This study examines the perceptions of researchers and academic staff involved in research
activities within educational institutions in Romania, a country that has faced challenges in
intellectual property management and registration processes. The research focuses on the
innovation registration process and the need for an online platform leveraging new digital
technologies for intellectual property protection. Using an econometric model developed
and tested through WarpPLS 8.0, the analysis reveals that 84% of respondents’ perceptions
of the innovation registration process can be explained by the independent variables at
the pattern level. The findings underscore the importance of aligning global legislative
frameworks to stimulate innovation, promote intellectual property rights registration, and
support sustainable economic growth. Furthermore, the study advocates for the develop-
ment of an online platform that integrates artificial intelligence to enhance its functionality,
streamline the application process, and foster the creation and dissemination of innovative
technologies. By addressing these issues in Romania, the research contributes to global
sustainable development objectives by providing a model for improving innovation reg-
istration processes worldwide, thus promoting technological advancement, intellectual
property protection, and sustainable economic growth.
Keywords: innovative technologies; online platforms; digital transformation; technological
innovations; intellectual property; technology transfer; digital society; globalization
1.

--- FILE: The impact of judicial protection of intellectual property on digital.pdf ---
abstract from the 
Wingo financial text data platform, and obtain financial data from the CSMAR database. We exclude companies in the ST, finance and 
insurance industries from the sample, and finally obtain 28,959 firm-year observations. Descriptive statistics for all variables are 
shown in Appendix A. 
2.2. Regression model 
To test the impact of judicial protection of IP on firms’ digital innovation, we construct the following difference-in-difference (DID) 
model: 
DIi,t+1 = α0 + α1Treati × Postt + α2Treati + α3Postt + βControlsi,t + δIndustry + φYear + εi,t
(1)  
where i and t represent firm and year, respectively. Dependent variable DI is corporate digital innovation. Considering that the impact 
of variables is time-consuming in practice, we advance DI by one period. Following the approach of Firk et al. (2022) and Wang et al. 
(2022), we use text analysis to search for company patent abstracts containing 76 keywords developed by Wu et al. (2021) from the 
two dimensions of underlying digital technology and digital technology applications (see Appendix B), and aggregate patents con­
taining the above keywords by year. Since the data is "right skewed", we add one and take the natural logarithm to obtain the more 
accurate index of DI describing the company’s digital innovation. 
The core explanatory variable Treat × Post is the interaction term between the treatment variable Treat and the establishment of IP 
courts Post. The treatment group includes companies with offices in Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangdong (excluding Shenzhen), where 
Treat takes the value of 1 and 0 otherwise. Post is a dummy variable representing before and after the establishment of IP courts, where 
Post takes the value of 1 for the post-2014 samples and 0 otherwise. To avoid the interference of corporate financial and governance 
characteristics on our results, we control for relevant variables defined in Appendix C. In addition, we control for time and industry 
fixed effects as rando

--- FILE: The link between intellectual property rights, innovation, and growth.pdf ---
The link between intellectual property rights, innovation, and growth: A
meta-analysis
Pedro Cunha Neves a,*, Oscar Afonso b, Diana Silva c, Elena Sochirca d
a Department of Management and Economics, Universidade da Beira Interior, CEFAGE-UBI, Covilh~a, Portugal
b Faculdade de Economia, Universidade do Porto, CEFUP, Porto, Portugal
c Faculdade de Economia, Universidade do Porto, Porto, Portugal
d Department of Management and Economics, Universidade da Beira Interior, NECE, NIPE, Covilh~a, Braga, Portugal
A R T I C L E I N F O
JEL classiﬁcation:
O31
O32
O34
O4
Keywords:
Intellectual property rights
Innovation
R&D
Economic growth
Meta-analysis
A B S T R A C T
In recent decades, intellectual property rights (IPR) and their macroeconomic effects have attracted considerable
attention from both policymakers and academics. Despite a substantial theoretical and empirical literature, evi-
dence regarding the impact of IPR protection on innovation and economic growth is mixed. In this paper we
conduct a literature review and meta-analysis of the topic, and ﬁnd that IPR have an overall positive effect on
innovation and growth. However, the effect on innovation is weaker in developing countries than developed
countries. We also ﬁnd that the effects reported in the literature depend to a great extent on individual studies’
methodological characteristics.
1. Introduction
Intellectual property rights (IPR) are widely believed to play a crucial
role in encouraging innovation, fostering techn

--- FILE: The_Evolution_of_Intellectual_Property_Rights_in_t.pdf ---
Abstract 
Purpose: The main objective of this study was to investigate the evolution of intellectual property 
rights in the digital age.  
Methodology: The study adopted a desktop research methodology. Desk research refers to secondary 
data or that which can be collected without fieldwork. Desk research is basically involved in collecting 
data from existing resources hence it is often considered a low cost technique as compared to field 
research, as the main cost is involved in executive’s time, telephone charges and directories. Thus, the 
study relied on already published studies, reports and statistics. This secondary data was easily 
accessed through the online journals and library. 
Findings: The findings revealed that there exists a contextual and methodological gap relating to the 
evolution of intellectual property rights in the digital age. Preliminary empirical review revealed that 
that the digital age has significantly impacted IPR across various dimensions. It has not only 
necessitated the adaptation of legal frameworks but has also introduced novel challenges and 
opportunities. The prevalence of digital piracy, the need for copyright enforcement mechanisms, the 
reevaluation of traditional notions of copyright ownership, and the complexities surrounding open 
access publishing are among the key issues that have emerged as central concerns in the digital age. 
Unique Contribution to Theory, Practice and Policy: The Diffusion of Innovations theory, 
Institutional theory and the Social Contract theory may be used to anchor future studies on the 
evolution of intellectual property rights. Some of the recommendations drawn from the study include 
the following: modernizing intellectual property legislation, strengthening cross-border enforcement, 
promoting digital literacy and copyright education, encouraging voluntary compliance and industry 
collaboration and adapting alternative intellectual property models. 
Keywords: Intellectual Property Rights

--- FILE: WIPO_2024_Models-of-intellectual-property-governance-and-administration.pdf ---
Models of 
Intellectual 
Property 
Governance and 
Administration
Models of 
Intellectual 
Property 
Governance and 
Administration

--- FILE: wipo_pub_958.pdf ---
Methodology for the  
Development of National 
Intellectual Property  
Strategies
Second edition

--- FILE: wipo_pub_958_3.pdf ---
Tool 3: Benchmarking 
Indicators
Methodology for the 
Development of National 
Intellectual Property 
Strategies
Toolkit
2016
Acknowledgement
The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) acknowledges the contribution of 
Prof. Tom Peter Migun Ogada, Managing Director, T&P Technology and Innovation Management 
Services Limited, Nairobi, Kenya for compiling/writing this publication.

--- FILE: wipo-pub-944-2022-en-world-intellectual-property-report-2022-the-direction-of-innovation.pdf ---
World Intellectual Property 
Report 2022
The Direction 
of Innovation
World Intellectual Property 
Report 2022
The Direction 
of Innovation

